Embed public Beam IO Performance Metrics (#27540)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/performance/glossary/_index.md

limitations under the License.
-->

# Metrics Glossary

The metrics glossary defines various metrics presented in the visualizations,
measured using the [Beam Metrics API](/documentation/programming-guide/#metrics)
from a pipeline Job running on [Dataflow](/documentation/runners/dataflow/).

## AvgCpuUtilization

The mean CPU usage of the pipeline Job measured as a percentage.

## AvgInputThroughputBytesPerSec

The mean input throughput of the pipeline Job measured in bytes per second.

## AvgInputThroughputElementsPerSec

The mean elements input throughput per second of the pipeline Job.

## AvgOutputThroughputBytesPerSec

The mean output throughput of the pipeline Job measured in bytes per second.

## AvgOutputThroughputElementsPerSec

The mean elements output throughput per second of the pipeline Job.

## BillableShuffleDataProcessed

The amount of data processed using shuffle that is billable.

## ElapsedTime

The elapsed time of the pipeline Job.

## EstimatedCost

The estimated cost of the pipeline Job.

## EstimatedDataProcessedGB

The estimated amount of data processed by the pipeline Job, measured in
gigabytes (Gb).

> 
> ## MaxCpuUtilization
> 
> The maximum CPU usage of the pipeline Job measured as a percentage.
> 
> ## MaxInputThroughputBytesPerSec
> 
> The maximum input throughput of the pipeline Job measured in bytes per second.
> 
> ## MaxInputThroughputElementsPerSec
> 
> The maximum number of elements throughput input per second of the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## MaxOutputThroughputBytesPerSec
> 
> The maximum output throughput of the pipeline Job measured in bytes per second.
> 
> ## MaxOutputThroughputElementsPerSec
> 
> The maximum number of elements throughput output per second of the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## PeakShuffleSlotCount
> 
> The peak count of shuffle slots.
> 
> ## RunTime
> 
> The time it took for the pipeline Job to run measured in seconds.
> 
> ## TotalDcuUsage
> 
> Total Data Compute Unit (DCU) usage of the pipeline Job measure in percentage.
> 
> ## TotalGpuTime
> 
> Total Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) time used by the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## TotalMemoryUsage
> 
> Total memory usage of the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## TotalPdUsage
> 
> Total Persistent Disk usage of the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## TotalShuffleDataProcessed
> 
> The total amount of shuffled data processed by the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## TotalSsdUsage
> 
> The total Solid State Disk usage of the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## TotalStreamingDataProcessed
> 
> The total amount of streaming data processed by the pipeline Job.
> 
> ## TotalVcpuTime
> 
> The total amount of virtual CPU time used by the pipeline Job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AvgInputThroughputBytesPerSec

The mean input throughput of the pipeline Job measured in bytes per second.

## AvgInputThroughputElementsPerSec

The mean elements input throughput per second of the pipeline Job.

## AvgOutputThroughputBytesPerSec

The mean output throughput of the pipeline Job measured in bytes per second.

## AvgOutputThroughputElementsPerSec

The mean elements output throughput per second of the pipeline Job.

## EstimatedCost

The estimated cost of the pipeline Job.

## RunTime

The time it took for the pipeline Job to run measured in seconds.
```
